Deadlocks, and how to avoid them (#3458)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-qpack.md

literals. Since literals make the header block larger, this can result in the
encoder becoming blocked on congestion or flow control limits.

### Avoiding Flow Control Deadlocks

> Encoding using blocked streams can interact with flow control to produce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing instructions on blocked or soon to be blocked streams can interact with flow control to produce
```
